---
title: Life From Your 20's To Your 60's
category: articles
layout: post
---

According to Jack Ma, founder and executive chairman of the[ Alibaba Group][2]
...

> Don't worry. Any mistake is a wonderful revenue for you.

> So I tell myself, and told my young people. Before 20 years old, be a good
> student. When you do entrepreneur, just learn some experience.

> Before 30 years old, follow somebody. Go to a small company. Normally in a big
> company it is good to learn processing. You are a part of a big machine. But
> when you go to small company you learn the passion, you learn the dreams. You
> learn how to do lot of things one time. So before 30 years old, it's not which
> company you go, it's which boss you follow. It's very important. A good boss
> teach you, differently ... and before from 30 to 40 years old you have to
> think very clearly ... you're working for yourself, if you really wanna be
> entrepreneur.

> When you are 40 to 50 years old, you have to do all the things that you are
> good at. Don't try to jump into the new area. It's too late. You may be
> successful but the rate of dying is too big. So 40 to 50, think about ... how
> can focus on things that you are good at.

> But when you are 50 to 60 years old, work for the young people. Because young
> people can do better than you. So rely on them, invest on them, making sure
> they are good.

> So when you are over 60 years old, spend time for yourself ... on the beach,
> sunshine. Right? It's too late for you to change, normally.

> But I ... this is my advice to the young people. 25 years old, make enough
> mistakes. Don't worry. You fall, you stand up, you fall, you stand up. Enjoy
> it, at 25 years old, enjoy the show, enjoy the show.

~ [Jack Ma (Ma Yun)][1]

[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Ma
[2]: http://alibabagroup.com/en/global/home
